.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"

.TH BOOH 1 "August 2008" "BOOH" "The Booh web-album"

.SH NAME
Booh \- a static web-album generator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBbooh\fR [\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fIFILENAME\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBBooh\fR is a static Web-Album generator. It's a program which
takes one or several series of photos and videos, and
automatically build static web pages to browse them, creating
thumbnails etc.
.PP
If you invoke \fBbooh\fR from the command-line, this will launch
the graphical user interface, which is the most user friendly way
of creating an album, editing etc. If you append a
\fIFILENAME\fR, \fBbooh\fR will try to open this file when
starting up.
.PP
Notice that prior to using \fBbooh\fR to create a Web-Album, your
photos and videos must be classified; if they are not, you may
use the dedicated tool \fBbooh-classifier\fR.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -h , \ --help
show command-line options summary
.TP
\fB-v \fINUM\fR, \fB--verbose \fINUM\fR
Set max verbosity level (0: errors, 1: warnings, 2: important messages, 3: other messages)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Guillaume Cottenceau.
.br
Visit official homepage: http://booh.org/

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR booh-classifier(1)
.BR booh-backend(1)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005-2008 Guillaume Cottenceau.
.br
This is Free Software; this software is licensed under the GPL version 2, as published by the Free Software Foundation.
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
