.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"

.TH BOOH 1 "August 2008" "BOOH" "The Booh web-album"

.SH NAME
booh-fix-whitebalance \- a Booh helper to "fix" the whitebalance of a photo

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBbooh-fix-whitebalance \fIorig_file dest_file.jpg level\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbooh-fix-whitebalance\fR is normally invoked by \fBbooh\fR or
\fBbooh-backend\fR to fix the white-balance of photos in a web-album.
The \fIlevel\fR indicates the "strength" of the correction; it should
be negative to add more blue, or positive to add more yellow.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Guillaume Cottenceau.
.br
Visit official homepage: http://booh.org/

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR booh(1)
.BR booh-classifier(1)
.BR booh-backend(1)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005-2008 Guillaume Cottenceau.
.br
This is Free Software; this software is licensed under the GPL version 2, as published by the Free Software Foundation.
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
