.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"

.TH BOOH 1 "August 2008" "BOOH" "The Booh web-album"

.SH NAME
booh-classifier \- photos and videos classifier aimed at being run prior to booh

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBbooh-classifier\fR [\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fIDIRNAME\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbooh-classifier\fR is a photos and videos classifier. It scans a
directory looking for photos and videos, presenting them with a
small thumbnail on the bottom of the application window; the main
part shows a "fullscreen" version of the currently selected
photo or video. The aim is to mark photos/videos for deletion or
with user-created labels, and in the end remove the
photos/videos marked for deletion and move or copy the photos/videos
marked with labels.
.PP
Usually, you may use \fBbooh-classifier\fR to classify your
photos/videos, and once they are classified, you can then use
\fBbooh\fR to create a web-album.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -h , \ --help
show command-line options summary
.TP
\fB-v \fINUM\fR, \fB--verbose \fINUM\fR
Set max verbosity level (0: errors, 1: warnings, 2: important messages, 3: other messages)
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--sort-by-exif-date\fR
Sort entries by EXIF date

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Guillaume Cottenceau.
.br
Visit official homepage: http://booh.org/

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR booh(1)
.BR booh-backend(1)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2008 Guillaume Cottenceau.
.br
This is Free Software; this software is licensed under the GPL version 2, as published by the Free Software Foundation.
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
