.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"

.TH BOOH 1 "August 2008" "BOOH" "The Booh web-album"

.SH NAME
webalbum2booh \- a configuration converter from WebAlbum.pl albums to Booh albums

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBwebalbum2booh\fR [\fIOPTION\fR]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwebalbum2booh\fR is a configuration converter. It should be
used by people desiring to convert web-albums done with Denis
Havlik's WebAlbum.pl, to web-albums handled by Booh. Is is
especially useful to automatically migrate the comments on
the pictures.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -h , \ --help
show command-line options summary
.TP
\fB-C \fIFILENAME\fR, \fB--config \fIFILENAME\fR
Set the config file of booh's album (hence, the booh album must
already exist)
.TP
\fB-v \fINUM\fR, \fB--verbose-level \fINUM\fR
Set max verbosity level (0: errors, 1: warnings, 2: important messages, 3: other messages)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Guillaume Cottenceau.
.br
Visit official homepage: http://booh.org/

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR booh(1)
.BR booh-classifier(1)
.BR booh-backend(1)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2005-2008 Guillaume Cottenceau.
.br
This is Free Software; this software is licensed under the GPL version 2, as published by the Free Software Foundation.
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
